Who are you? What are you doing?
Who let you be distorted in your hands?
I want you to teach me how the old man is distorted.
Invincible
If you influence Zhao Chenying's distortion, it will be my father
Affected my dad's condition
I'm not done with you
Miss Li, who is this?
Why are you not polite at all?
He is a security guard of our company.
It's never been polite
Zhao Shengyi, you don't have to treat him as a human being
Security, can you chase me synchronously?
Go away
Qin Zhan, didn't you hear?
Zhao Shengyi told you to go away
Don't affect his distortion.
I'll just look at this quack doctor
Your wife's medical skills will only amaze you
Amazing shit
You are a needle in his hands, qi and blood are retrograde
He'll vomit blood and convulse later
Nonsense
Miss Chen, if you allow this person again, you will die
I'm not cured
Qin Zhan, do you have to ask me to kick you out?
Get out of the way
You will regret it.
Don't worry about it.
Who is the man I beg you to save my father quickly
OK
Mom and Dad, what's the matter with you?